And here folks here is the groove and today I go
bring you another bis mobile
this time bringing a video with a
different layout in each layout region
for mobile games that are empire naked
lying down and in the case the last video I
I thought it got a little bad
many people said they stayed
because it was a very fast game and
so with those two things out of
focus you can not concentrate
just in the middle in the bag ends up diverting
your vision for the rest and ends up getting worse
and I think so is this layout more
a little a simple he will not
100% change for all games I go
always have the same base and change some
things to represent the game because
would be easier than creating a
different for each mobile video to
you
and in the case of nasdaq proceeded this time
the clippers which is a developed game
for web games that basically meets
indicated by your cell phone countless times
to collect biscuit comes with these
cookies and can buy a series of
things at the time of the game that will make you
to win cookies automatically as
his presented to buy a farm of
biscuits or a biscuit factory a
atomic cookie generator or even
even a substance the area of you is
call a plutonium if that goes to you
give thousands of biscuits per second in
NATO announced if it is to click well then
It was a country thing and the game was not
has no concrete purpose, but he is
only statistics can be
compared with other players to
everyone as in the case the amount of
cookie you earn per second to
brand of biscuit you've ever had or
even with the amount of hours that
You have at stake here in case you have 17
hours but already played in a few months, right?
because for now it 's just a game that
You spend hours clicking your Christmas.
cell phone
until you make enough money in
so dreamed of biscuits enough to
buy some things that will give you
that a certain amount per second and
still have one more a specialty or
one thing you buy in the store what you
get up to 50% of the biscuit you win
usually without being turned on and
So it 's every day you buy in
store they become more expensive with the
So you end up coming back, person.
only when they have money
something pretty expensive you start well
simple buying the auto clip things
of the genre to later be buying
always the port is not something
much more expensive what turns into something
totally robotic only by administering
How much do you have to spend on that?
moment as well as the goose itself
also gained a version of
Christmas that I do not probably know
It will be taken soon and it also has
some promises for the game that would be
to put some assets - I do not know
which tim but did not say which assets
should be for example the one you have
played an hour after or where you have
I earn 1 million or 1 billion or 1 trillion
per second disc is a chosen trio
per second or even do not know the
amount of times you clicked
an hour and beyond that they will put
also some things to buy
perhaps more expensive or cheaper in
shop but they do not tell when they
They'll put this on and that's it folks.
I hope you have enjoyed
balance is available for both
s and for android
if you have any tips on any game
Please let mobile Comments
Since I intend to bring more games to
you're already a great way to
pass the time you can play in
anywhere and of course you can
I 'll always carry it in your pocket.
I hope you guys leave a like one.
favorite to help in the dissemination of
video and that's it folks thank you and even
the next